Presumptuous what are you
How dare you disrespect my big brother
Brother Bukit is my good friend.
Stop yelling at him
He actually said my brother
Will bow and apologize to an inferior person like him
How can I bear it?
I'm telling the truth
And I'm generous
Otherwise, make him kneel down and admit his mistake
He can only bow his head
You insult my brother so much
Do you really not want to live?
Enough, you cover the water, I told you
Brother Wuji is my closest relative and most respected person
How dare you speak out?
Did you take what I said seriously?
I don't ever want to see you again.
Destiny, listen to my explanation
Brother Wuji, let's go
Brother Fearless relies on his family background
Never take anyone seriously
Don't know him in general
That kid seems to like you
He did chase me.
But I don't like him
Arrogant aristocrat
I only have you in my heart, brother Wuji
Mowgli, my mom loves jewelry
Let's go in and have a look.
Hello Miss Zhang
You don't have to stay with me.
We read English by ourselves
Don't ignore me
Let me explain, okay?
Why are you following me again?
Didn't I say I don't want to see you anymore?
I'm going to pick out my mom's birthday present now
Don't bother me get out